Add documentation on how renovate config is maintained (#236)
bitwarden/contributing-docs: docs/contributing/dependencies/index.md

In those cases the team can comment on the PR with a reason for not upgrading and close the PR.

## Renovate configuration

Renovate is configured by a `.github/renovate.json` file in each repository. We follow an internal
template for consistency. The template is available at the
[template repository](https://github.com/bitwarden/template/blob/main/.github/renovate.json).

Renovate uses a concept called

> [`PackageRules`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#packagerules) which allows us
> specify ownership of dependencies, and ensure the appropriate teams are added as reviewers. Below is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`PackageRules`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#packagerules) that allows us to
specify ownership of dependencies and ensure the appropriate team(s) are added as reviewers. Below is
```

an example assigning `@angular/core` to the Platform team.

```json
{
  "matchPackageNames": ["@angular/core"],
  "description": "Platform owned dependencies",
  "commitMessagePrefix": "[deps] Platform:",
  "reviewers": ["team:team-platform-dev"]
}
```

> For repositories maintained by a single team, there is no need to use `packageRules` to assign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For repositories maintained by a single team there is no need to use `packageRules` to assign
```
